aleph:al number
allowrevins:ari boolean
altkeymap:akm boolean
ambiwidth:ambw string
antialias boolean
antialias:anti boolean
arabic:arab boolean
arabicshape:arshape boolean
autochdir:acd boolean
autoindent:ai boolean
autoread:ar boolean
autowrite:aw boolean
autowriteall:awa boolean
background:bg string
backspace:bs string
backup:bk boolean
backupcopy:bkc string
backupdir:bdir string
backupext:bex string
backupskip:bsk string
balloondelay:bdlay number
ballooneval:beval boolean
balloonexpr:bexpr string
binary:bin boolean
bioskey:biosk boolean
bomb boolean
breakat:brk string
browsedir:bsdir string
bufhidden:bh string
buflisted:bl boolean
buftype:bt string
casemap:cmp string
cdpath:cd string
cedit string
charconvert:ccv string
cindent:cin boolean
cinkeys:cink string
cinoptions:cino string
cinwords:cinw string
clipboard:cb string
cmdheight:ch number
cmdwinheight:cwh number
colorcolumn:cc string
columns:co number
comments:com string
commentstring:cms string
compatible:cp boolean
complete:cpt string
completefunc:cfu string
completeopt:cot string
concealcursor:cocu string
conceallevel:cole number
confirm:cf boolean
conskey:consk boolean
copyindent:ci boolean
cpoptions:cpo string
cryptmethod string
cscopepathcomp:cspc number
cscopeprg:csprg string
cscopequickfix:csqf string
cscoperelative:csre boolean
cscopetag:cst boolean
cscopetagorder:csto number
cscopeverbose:csverb boolean
cursorbind:crb boolean
cursorcolumn:cuc boolean
cursorline:cul boolean
debug string
define:def string
delcombine:deco boolean
dictionary:dict string
diff boolean
diffexpr:dex string
diffopt:dip string
digraph:dg boolean
directory:dir string
display:dy string
eadirection:ead string
edcompatible:ed boolean
encoding:enc string
endofline:eol boolean
equalalways:ea boolean
equalprg:ep string
errorbells:eb boolean
errorfile:ef string
errorformat:efm string
esckeys:ek boolean
eventignore:ei string
expandtab:et boolean
exrc:ex boolean
fileencoding:fenc string
fileencodings:fencs string
fileformat:ff string
fileformats:ffs string
filetype:ft string
fillchars:fcs string
fkmap:fk boolean
foldclose:fcl string
foldcolumn:fdc number
foldenable:fen boolean
foldexpr:fde string
foldignore:fdi string
foldlevel:fdl number
foldlevelstart:fdls number
foldmarker:fmr string
foldmethod:fdm string
foldminlines:fml number
foldnestmax:fdn number
foldopen:fdo string
foldtext:fdt string
formatexpr:fex string
formatlistpat:flp string
formatoptions:fo string
formatprg:fp string
fsync:fs boolean
fullscreen boolean
fuoptions string
gdefault:gd boolean
grepformat:gfm string
grepprg:gp string
guicursor:gcr string
guifont:gfn string
guifontset:gfs string
guifontwide:gfw string
guiheadroom:ghr number
guioptions:go string
guipty boolean
guitablabel:gtl string
guitabtooltip:gtt string
helpfile:hf string
helpheight:hh number
helplang:hlg string
hidden:hid boolean
highlight:hl string
history:hi number
hkmap:hk boolean
hkmapp:hkp boolean
hlsearch:hls boolean
icon boolean
iconstring string
ignorecase:ic boolean
imactivatekey:imak string
imcmdline:imc boolean
imdisable:imd boolean
iminsert:imi number
imsearch:ims number
include:inc string
includeexpr:inex string
incsearch:is boolean
indentexpr:inde string
indentkeys:indk string
infercase:inf boolean
insertmode:im boolean
isfname:isf string
isident:isi string
iskeyword:isk string
isprint:isp string
joinspaces:js boolean
key string
keymap:kmp string
keymodel:km string
keywordprg:kp string
langmap:lmap string
langmenu:lm string
laststatus:ls number
lazyredraw:lz boolean
linebreak:lbr boolean
lines number
linespace:lsp number
lisp boolean
lispwords:lw string
list boolean
listchars:lcs string
loadplugins:lpl boolean
macatsui boolean
macmeta string
magic boolean
makeef:mef string
makeprg:mp string
matchpairs:mps string
matchtime:mat number
maxcombine:mco number
maxfuncdepth:mfd number
maxmapdepth:mmd number
maxmem:mm number
maxmempattern:mmp number
maxmemtot:mmt number
menuitems:mis number
mkspellmem:msm string
modeline:ml boolean
modelines:mls number
modifiable:ma boolean
modified:mod boolean
more boolean
mouse string
mousefocus:mousef boolean
mousehide:mh boolean
mousemodel:mousem string
mouseshape:mouses string
mousetime:mouset number
mzquantum:mzq number
nrformats:nf string
number:nu boolean
numberwidth:nuw number
omnifunc:ofu string
opendevice:odev boolean
operatorfunc:opfunc string
osfiletype:oft string
paragraphs:para string
paste boolean
pastetoggle:pt string
patchexpr:pex string
patchmode:pm string
path:pa string
preserveindent:pi boolean
previewheight:pvh number
previewwindow:pvw boolean
printdevice:pdev string
printencoding:penc String
printexpr:pexpr String
printfont:pfn string
printheader:pheader string
printmbcharset:pmbcs string
printmbfont:pmbfn string
printoptions:popt string
prompt boolean
pumheight:ph number
quoteescape:qe string
readonly:ro boolean
redrawtime:rdt number
relativenumber:rnu boolean
remap boolean
report number
restorescreen:rs boolean
revins:ri boolean
rightleft:rl boolean
rightleftcmd:rlc string
ruler:ru boolean
rulerformat:ruf string
runtimepath:rtp string
scroll:scr number
scrollbind:scb boolean
scrolljump:sj number
scrolloff:so number
scrollopt:sbo string
sections:sect string
secure boolean
selection:sel string
selectmode:slm string
sessionoptions:ssop string
shell:sh string
shellcmdflag:shcf string
shellpipe:sp string
shellquote:shq string
shellredir:srr string
shellslash:ssl boolean
shelltemp:stmp boolean
shelltype:st number
shellxescape:sxe string
shellxquote:sxq string
shiftround:sr boolean
shiftwidth:sw number
shortmess:shm string
shortname:sn boolean
showbreak:sbr string
showcmd:sc boolean
showfulltag:sft boolean
showmatch:sm boolean
showmode:smd boolean
showtabline:stal number
sidescroll:ss number
sidescrolloff:siso number
smartcase:scs boolean
smartindent:si boolean
smarttab:sta boolean
softtabstop:sts number
spell boolean
spellcapcheck:spc string
spellfile:spf string
spelllang:spl string
spellsuggest:sps string
splitbelow:sb boolean
splitright:spr boolean
startofline:sol boolean
statusline:stl string
suffixes:su string
suffixesadd:sua string
swapfile:swf boolean
swapsync:sws string
switchbuf:swb string
synmaxcol:smc number
syntax:syn string
t_#2 string
t_#4 string
t_%1 string
t_%i string
t_&8 string
t_*7 string
t_@7 string
t_AB string
t_AF string
t_AL string
t_CS string
t_CV string
t_Ce string
t_Co string
t_Cs string
t_DL string
t_EI string
t_F1 string
t_F2 string
t_F3 string
t_F4 string
t_F5 string
t_F6 string
t_F7 string
t_F8 string
t_F9 string
t_IE string
t_IS string
t_K1 string
t_K3 string
t_K4 string
t_K5 string
t_K6 string
t_K7 string
t_K8 string
t_K9 string
t_KA string
t_KB string
t_KC string
t_KD string
t_KE string
t_KF string
t_KG string
t_KH string
t_KI string
t_KJ string
t_KK string
t_KL string
t_RI string
t_RV string
t_SI string
t_Sb string
t_Sf string
t_WP string
t_WS string
t_ZH string
t_ZR string
t_al string
t_bc string
t_cd string
t_ce string
t_cl string
t_cm string
t_cs string
t_da string
t_db string
t_dl string
t_fs string
t_k1 string
t_k2 string
t_k3 string
t_k4 string
t_k5 string
t_k6 string
t_k7 string
t_k8 string
t_k9 string
t_k; string
t_kB string
t_kD string
t_kI string
t_kN string
t_kP string
t_kb string
t_kd string
t_ke string
t_kh string
t_kl string
t_kr string
t_ks string
t_ku string
t_le string
t_mb string
t_md string
t_me string
t_mr string
t_ms string
t_nd string
t_op string
t_se string
t_so string
t_sr string
t_te string
t_ti string
t_ts string
t_ue string
t_us string
t_ut string
t_vb string
t_ve string
t_vi string
t_vs string
t_xs string
tabline:tal string
tabpagemax:tpm number
tabstop:ts number
tagbsearch:tbs boolean
taglength:tl number
tagrelative:tr boolean
tags:tag string
tagstack:tgst boolean
term string
termbidi:tbidi boolean
termencoding:tenc string
terse boolean
textauto:ta boolean
textmode:tx boolean
textwidth:tw number
thesaurus:tsr string
tildeop:top boolean
timeout:to boolean
timeoutlen:tm number
title boolean
titlelen number
titleold string
titlestring string
toolbar:tb string
toolbariconsize:tbis string
transparency number
ttimeout boolean
ttimeoutlen:ttm number
ttybuiltin:tbi boolean
ttyfast:tf boolean
ttymouse:ttym string
ttyscroll:tsl number
ttytype:tty string
undodir:udir string
undofile:udf boolean
undolevels:ul number
undoreload:ur number
updatecount:uc number
updatetime:ut number
verbose:vbs number
verbosefile:vfile string
viewdir:vdir string
viewoptions:vop string
viminfo:vi string
virtualedit:ve string
visualbell:vb boolean
warn boolean
weirdinvert:wiv boolean
whichwrap:ww string
wildchar:wc number
wildcharm:wcm number
wildignore:wig string
wildignorecase:wic boolean
wildmenu:wmnu boolean
wildmode:wim string
wildoptions:wop string
winaltkeys:wak string
window:wi number
winfixheight:wfh boolean
winfixwidth:wfw boolean
winheight:wh number
winminheight:wmh number
winminwidth:wmw number
winwidth:wiw number
wrap boolean
wrapmargin:wm number
wrapscan:ws boolean
write boolean
writeany:wa boolean
writebackup:wb boolean
writedelay:wd number
